Add Go to cookbook (#1)
R-maan/ion-docs: guides/cookbook.md

If Ion binary encoding is desired, use `IonBinaryWriterBuilder` (instead of `IonTextWriterBuilder`).
</div>

<div class="tabpane Go" markdown="1">
Implementations of the [`Reader`][22] and [`Writer`][23] interfaces are responsible for reading and writing Ion data in both text and binary forms.

> In order to make and use a text reader, we can use `NewReaderString()`. The following example demonstrates how to read an Ion data from a string:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to make and use a text reader, we can use `NewReaderString()`. The following example demonstrates how to read Ion data from a string:
```

```Go
package main

import (
	"fmt"
	"github.com/amzn/ion-go/ion"
)

func main() {
	reader := ion.NewReaderString("{hello:\"world\"}")
	if reader.Next() { 											 // position the reader at the first value

> 		currentType := reader.Type()                             // the first value in the reader is struct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		currentType := reader.Type()                             // the first value in the reader is a struct
```

		fmt.Println("Current type is:\t" + currentType.String()) // Current type is:   struct

> 		reader.StepIn()                                          // step into struct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		reader.StepIn()                                          // step into the struct
```

		reader.Next()                                            // position the reader at the first value in the struct
		currentType = reader.Type()                              // the first value in the struct is of type string
		fmt.Println("Current type, after stepping in the struct:\t" +
			currentType.String())          // Current type, after stepping in the struct:   string
		fieldName := reader.FieldName()    // retrieve the current value's field name
		value, err := reader.StringValue() // retrieve the current value's string value
		if err != nil {
			panic("Reading string value failed.")
		}
		reader.StepOut()                    // step out of the struct

> 		fmt.Println(*fieldName, " ", value) // hello   world

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		fmt.Println(*fieldName, " ", value) // hello world
```

	}
}
```

> Should we have a binary Ion, `NewReaderBytes()` can be used in the same fashion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we have a binary Ion, `NewReaderBytes()` can be used in the same fashion.
```

> Should we have a binary Ion, `NewReaderBytes()` can be used in the same fashion.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If we have Ion in binary format, `NewReaderBytes()` can be used in the same fashion.
```

Author: I accepted Matthew's already, sorry.

```
</div>

<div class="tabpane Go" markdown="1">

> Ion data can be pretty-printed using `NewTextWriterOpts` and pass `TextWriterPretty` option to it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ion data can be pretty-printed using `NewTextWriterOpts` and by passing the `TextWriterPretty` option to it:
```

```Go
package main

import (
	"fmt"
	"strings"

	"github.com/amzn/ion-go/ion"
)

type l3 struct {
	Level3 string `ion:"level3"`
}
type l2 struct {
	Level2 l3 `ion:"level2"`
	X      int `ion:"x"`
}
type l1 struct {
	Level1 l2 `ion:"level1"`
	Y      []string `ion:"y"`
}

func main() {
	l3Val := l3{"foo"}
	l2Val := l2{l3Val, 2}
	l1Val := l1{l2Val, []string{"a", "b", "c"}}

	buf := strings.Builder{}
	writer := ion.NewTextWriterOpts(&buf, ion.TextWriterPretty)

	err := ion.MarshalTo(writer, l1Val)
	if err != nil {
		panic(err)
	}

	if err := writer.Finish(); err != nil {
		panic(err)
	}

> 	fmt.Println(buf.String())

Reviewer 2: Can you comment what this prints

Author: This is to show the pretty print feature and the output is going to be:
```
   level1: {
     level2: {
       level3: "foo"
     },
     x: 2
   },
   y: [
     a,
     b,
     c
   ]
 }
```
so I cannot put the output as an inline comment.
Also the section where this code is placed, shows the expected output of pretty print

```
</div>

<div class="tabpane Go" markdown="1">

A reader can have various types of numeric values:
  - Int32
  - Int64
  - Uint64
  - BigInt
  - Float
  - Decimal

The following example illustrates how to read different numeric values in a reader:
```Go
package main

import (
	"fmt"
	"math/big"

	"github.com/amzn/ion-go/ion"
)

func main() {
	int32Value := 2147483646

> 	var int64Value int64 = 9223372036854775807

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    int64Value := 9223372036854775807
```

Author: I need to explicitly define this value as an int64.

```
</div>

<div class="tabpane Go" markdown="1">

```Go
package main

import (
	"fmt"

> 	"github.com/amzn/ion-go/ion"

Reviewer 2: add line to separate

Author: done

```
</div>

<div class="tabpane Go" markdown="1">

```Go
package main

import (
	"bufio"
	"fmt"
	"os"
	"strconv"
	"strings"
	
	"github.com/amzn/ion-go/ion"
)

func main() {

> 	file, er := os.Open("c://values.cvs")

Reviewer: Where does the CVS file come from?

Author: It supposed to be in the directory of where this test is going to be tested. There is explanation about the file in the cookbook and even examples in other languages use the file just like this.

	if er != nil {
		panic(er)
	}
	defer file.Close()

	buf := strings.Builder{}
	writer := ion.NewTextWriter(&buf)

	scanner := bufio.NewScanner(file)

> 	scanner.Scan() // to skip the first row (header line)

Reviewer: Is there context on why we're skipping the first row here?

Author: The contents of the file are:
```
 id,type,state
 1,foo,false
 2,bar,true
 3,baz,true
```
And is explained in that section.
We are skipping the first line as it is the header and just have the titles
